<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>ಗೀತಾ ಸಂವತ್ಸರ</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="maintext">
  <section class="level1 numbered" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="id-000d.02.01">
    <h1 class="level1-title" epub:type="title"><span class="en">Sri Sharma, the Blessed Disciple</span></h1>
    <p><span class="en">The Vedanta literature of ancient India is a storehouse of wisdom and knowledge. It has a well defined purpose to remove our innate ignorance, so that our true nature can shine forth. The most advanced seekers need simply to be reminded that they are the eternal Atman, the <strong>Supreme Brahman</strong>. By simply hearing this truth, their misconceptions fall away. However, for the rest of us, we need to reflect and deeply meditate on what we hear and are taught before we fully grasp its meaning.</span></p>
    <p><span class="en">With his unique publications in Kannada ``<strong>Shaankara Samvatsara</strong>'' and ``<strong>Vedaanta Samvatsara</strong>'', <strong>Sri K. G. Subraya Sharma</strong> has provided a wonderful way to allow us to undertake this necessary reflection and contemplation of the teachings of the <strong>Vedaanta Shastra</strong>, to allow the dawn of knowledge in us. By providing a thought for every day of the year, he has made it easy for all of us to follow and understand the ancient wisdom of <strong>Vedaanta</strong>.</span></p>
    <p><span class="en">I was fortunate enough to meet Sri K. G. Subraya Sharma through my Gurus from Mattur village. I fondly remember the many occasions we have conversed together in Sanskrit, discussing the works of Shankara. I have always been impressed with the ease with which he can explain the concepts of advaita with such simplicity and clarity. <strong>Sri K. G. Subraya Sharma, the author, has truly been blessed with the grace of his Guru, Sri Sri Satchidanadendra Saraswati Swamiji of Revered Memory of Holenarasipur</strong>.</span></p>
    <p><span class="en">It is with great pleasure that we present to the public a Sanskrit edition of ``<strong>Vedaanta Samvatsara</strong>''. In this masterpiece, Sri K. G. Subraya Sharma has provided a thought for each day of the year from the ancient 14 Upanishads, which is then explained in clear and simple Sanskrit with one stanza composed by him in the simple Sanskrit. The reader may be tempted to assume that this book of Sanskrit edition may be of benefit only to scholars, and therefore may not be of relevance to the rest of us. However, the genius of this book is that it presents the profound truths of Vedanta in such straightforward, elegant, simple and lucid Sanskrit, that it is a great opportunity for anybody wishing to study Sanskrit to simultaneously study the language as well as the teachings of Vedanta. I wish I had such a book when I was learning Sanskrit in my youth! I would encourage all teachers of Sanskrit to seriously consider using <strong>this excellent book as a reader for their students</strong>.</span></p>
    <p><span class="en">There is a temptation to view Sanskrit as a ``non-living'' language. But books such as ``<strong>Vedaanta Samvatsara</strong>'' by <strong>Vidwan K. G. Subraya Sharma</strong>, a renowned, popular and profound Sanskrit scholar and a genuine Vedantin, affirm that Sanskrit is as alive and vibrant as ever. We should continue to encourage new original works in Sanskrit for future generations. We are deeply grateful to Sri K. G. Subraya Sharma for completing this Sanskrit translation of his work ``<strong>Vedaanta Samvatsara</strong>''.</span></p>
    <p>Hampshire, England<br /> 15-4-2006</p>
    <p class="quote-author">Subhanu Saxena</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>

